so this is my place this is the front of
it that is my balcony I am on the first
floor obviously these are planters of
some sort that were left for me if I
feel ambitious maybe I'll try to use
them this is my ink on my shoe cabinet
my secondary cabinet which muscle has
both killing stuff in it let's see here
my hat purse rack thing which is turned
into a purse right my bathroom shows an
iced with it a little toilet same thing
and a rather amusing statue of loopy on
the toilet paper holder this is my
main room
I've a long mirror here for some odd
reason I have a map which I put up
crooked on the wall and I have my
printer hey holder for lots of little
computer bits random stuff I really need
to go through and the computer table
which also is my cell phone it so
continuing on the group to the back of
the room is my Symon and Iron and my fan
make a left into the first route it's
kind of dark this is the front room with
my little kind of lame couch but it
works a little closet extra chair my
very cute blanket stuff I haven't
figured out what to do with you and the
TV Depa though so I TV I've got my stuff
underneath and they're doing something
weird
heading back up the back road is the
bedroom my bedroom it's even bear
you see the pile of pajamas my drying
rack my much larger closet in here my
important things like my loopy black
more stuff I've figured out what to do
with be very lame curtains but they work
for now the bed that the this is the
temporary bed my new one is coming soon
but is worked out well Thank You Laura
and there is the shelf unit thing which
I have hardly anything on in except for
the dolls of abeta and I've kind of
started a little fan collection above
the dolls leaving the bedroom I have
several cabinets here one has my new one
is turning basically into a drink holder
along with the plates the other one also
has dishes
this is my fridge it's kind of dinky but
I can generally squish everything in my
kitchen Nancy window kitchen window the
stuff in it my towel I currently have GG
and don't doddle another cabinet with
the microwave / oven another window
which I kind of have some candy and
stuff smushed into and my trash cans in
here is the sink which is currently
storing thee
fabric softener and stuff my washing
machine and the dryer and my cute matt
said a heart man and the shower in here
which really needs to be washed
so that's about it i have if my front
balcony is basically only good for
playing in clothes but honestly i won't
be doing that a whole lot because it
rain seems to rain a lot here but so
very tiny balcony I don't even know what
those are I should probably see that
because they've been sitting there since
I got here so yeah dry rack and out
front then straight in the middle is the
car I'm temporarily using a little Mazda
Carol so yeah that's my apartment bye
everybody